Updating "Wallet/daemon isolation with Qubes + Whonix" (#1312)
monero-project/monero-site: _i18n/en/resources/user-guides/cli_wallet_daemon_isolation_qubes_whonix.md

  - The first workstation will be used for your wallet, it will referred to as `monero-wallet-ws`. You will have `NetVM` set to `none`.

>   - The second workstation will be for the `monerod` daemon, it will be referred to as `monerod-ws`. You will have `NetVM` set to the Whonix gateway `sys-whonix`. Before moving on, make sure this workstation has enough private storage. You can estimate how much space you need by checking the size of the [raw blockchain](https://web.getmonero.org/downloads/#blockchain). Keep in mind that the blockchain will take up more space with time.

Reviewer: Please change to the link to:
```suggestion
  - The second workstation will be for the `monerod` daemon, it will be referred to as `monerod-ws`. You will have `NetVM` set to the Whonix gateway `sys-whonix`. Before moving on, make sure this workstation has enough private storage. You can estimate how much space you need by checking the size of the [raw blockchain](https://{{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/#blockchain). Keep in mind that the blockchain will take up more space with time.
```
This could be a useful trick to check the size of the blockchain, but keep in mind that that snapshot could be a bit back the current height. Still good to get an idea of the size though.

>   - The second workstation will be for the `monerod` daemon, it will be referred to as `monerod-ws`. You will have `NetVM` set to the Whonix gateway `sys-whonix`. Before moving on, make sure this workstation has enough private storage. You can estimate how much space you need by checking the size of the [raw blockchain](https://{{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/#blockchain). Keep in mind that the blockchain will take up more space with time.

Reviewer: Sorry, i don't know what i was thinking. This is the correct URL.

```suggestion
  - The second workstation will be for the `monerod` daemon, it will be referred to as `monerod-ws`. You will have `NetVM` set to the Whonix gateway `sys-whonix`. Before moving on, make sure this workstation has enough private storage. You can estimate how much space you need by checking the size of the [raw blockchain]({{ site.baseurl }}/downloads/#blockchain). Keep in mind that the blockchain will take up more space with time.
```

Author: All is good now.
